---
title: Round Up
layout: post
author: thomas.guy
permalink: /round-up/
source-id: 144TbfmqW_Jlr0n-u0eYeByvfbrd7OqgjP2RlbuWAigI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 6 Round Up</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Carrying on from last lesson as there was a lot of code in this section.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete the Round up section of the booklet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes as we just about finished it in the time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My partner and I swapped halfway through the lesson this time instead of at the beginning of the lesson, this saved a some time as we could not remember who typed last week. We also found that if the person put the booklet in front of them they could read it easier and the person could read it to the other person which was a very effective strategy.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As my partner was ill for a couple of weeks and forgot his memory stick he had to put my code onto his memory stick which took time away from our work. Last lesson the code we were doing was very big so we had to start from the code from last week so we had to get oor memory sticks to get the code up which took time from our work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time my partner and I will set up the Fusebox and the monitor quicker as we don't do it as quick as other people. We will also change how we work as some of the time we talk to some of the other groups which slows us down a bit. I will improve by learning by learning more techniques in saying things to my partner.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


